src/menu/beer.md, before:

# Draft Beers *4.50/PINT*

## ANGRY ORCHARD CRISP APPLE
a crisp and refreshing cider, with fresh apple aroma and slightly sweet, ripe apple flavor
### 5% ABV // OHIO

## ALLAGASH WHITE ALE
brewed with a generous portion of wheat and spiced with coriander and Curacao orange peel, this beer is fruity, refreshing and slightly cloudy in appearance
### WITBIER 5.2% ABV // MAINE
 
## CURIOUS TRAVELER SHANDY
fresh, bold, year-round, craft-brewed, all malt wheat ale infused with real lemons & limes, it has a lemony flavor
### 4.4% ABV // MASSACHUSETTS

## BLUEMOON WHITE ALE
the flavor starts crisp and tangy and ends with a coriander and orange spiciness, the Valencia orange peel gives a subtle sweetness to the beer
### 5.4% ABV // COLORADO

## SEA DOG BLUEBERRY ALE
malt nose that evolves into a fruity berry scent, fruity flavor, first and foremost
### 4.6% ABV // MAINE

## GUINNESS
deep-dark satisfying stout from the first velvet sip to the last drop
### 4.2% ABV DRY STOUT // IRELAND

## HARPOON IPA
the citrus and pine of Cascade hops complement a sturdy malt backbone and the floral aromas of our beloved yeast, a definitive New England-style IPA
### 5.9% ABV // MASSACHUSETTS

## BASS ALE
select malts, aromatic hops and water rich in essential salts and minerals combine to give Bass its slight burnt roast aroma and high quality, full bodied flavor
### 5.1% ABV // UK

## SIERR
deep amber color and exceptionally full-bodied, fragrant bouquet and spicy flavors
### 5.6% ABV // CALIFORNIA

## STELLA ARTOIS LAGER
traditional Belgian pilsner beer, balanced in hops and grains, slightly herby with some citrus notes
### 5.0% ABV // BELGIUM

## DOGFISH HEAD IPA
continuously hopped: more than 60 hop additions over a 60-minute boil, citrusy, grassy
### 6.0% ABV // DELAWARE

## TUKERMAN'S PALE ALE
brewed with specialty malts, some grown in Maine, and four types of hops, cold conditioned and dry-hopped in lagering tanks for maximum taste and quality
### 5.5% ABV // MAINE

# Seasonal Beers

## SAMUEL ADAMS
### BOSTON, MASS

## BLUE LOBSTER
### HAMPTON, NH

## SHIPYARD
### PORTLAND, MAINE

## SMUTTYNOSE
### PORTSMOUTH, NH

## NARRAGANSETT
### PROVIDENCE, RI


# Bottled Beers

## BUDWEISER *3.50*
American Adjunct Lager
### 5.0% ABV

## BUD LIGHT *3.50*
American Adjunct Light Lager
### 4.2% ABV

## BUD LIGHT LIME *3.50*
It’s Bud Light with a twist!
### 4.2% ABV

## COORS LIGHT *3.50*
Light Lager
### 4.2% ABV

## MILLER LIGHT *3.50* 
Light Lager 
### 4.2% ABV

## ROLLING ROCK *3.50*
Extra Pale Lager 
### 4.5% ABV

## MICHELOB LIGHT *3.75*
Light Lager 
### 4.3% ABV

## MICHELOB ULTRA *3.75*
Light Lager 
### 4.2% ABV  

## CORONA *4.25*
American Adjunct Lager 
### 4.6% ABV

## CORONA LIGHT *4.25*
Light Lager
### 4.1% ABV

## HEINEKEN *4.25*
Euro Pale Lager
### 5.0% ABV

## SAM BOSTON LAGER *4.25*
American Lager 
### 4.9% ABV

## AMSTEL LIGHT *4.25*
Pale Lager 
### 3.5% ABV

## O'DOULS PREMIUM *3.50*
### Non-Alcoholic

## (GF) OMISSION IPA *4.50* 
American Pale Ale; floral aroma complemented by caramel malt body 
### 5.8 %ABV

## (GF) OMISSION LAGER *4.50* 
American Lager; aromatic hop profile offers a unique, easy-drinking beer for those looking for a lighter and approachable beer style
### 4.6% ABV

## NEWCASTLE *4.25*
English Brown Ale; light caramel and toasted malt flavors, a true British classic
### 4.7% ABV

## SAMUEL SMITH'S NUT BROWN ALE *5.00*
English Brown Ale; walnut-like color with a palate of hazelnuts, wonderful balance of roasted malt and aromatic hops 
### 5.0% ABV

## SAMUEL SMITH'S OATMEAL STOUT *5.00*
Stout; velvet palate, silky smooth and bittersweet
### 5.0% ABV

## NARRAGANSETT *2.00*
American Lager; brewed with six row malt, seedless hops, corn from Iowa, and a traditional lager strain that the brewery has depended on since just after Prohibition
### 5.0% ABV

Commit message:

updated just the love our beer comment

src/menu/beer.md, after:

# Draft Beers 
## We love fresh beer here at the 401 Tavern which is why we bring in new brands of beer weekly...Below is a list of many of our most popular but be sure to ask your servers for the most updated draft and bottle list :)

## ANGRY ORCHARD CRISP APPLE
a crisp and refreshing cider, with fresh apple aroma and slightly sweet, ripe apple flavor
### 5% ABV // OHIO

## ALLAGASH WHITE ALE
brewed with a generous portion of wheat and spiced with coriander and Curacao orange peel, this beer is fruity, refreshing and slightly cloudy in appearance
### WITBIER 5.2% ABV // MAINE
 
## CURIOUS TRAVELER SHANDY
fresh, bold, year-round, craft-brewed, all malt wheat ale infused with real lemons & limes, it has a lemony flavor
### 4.4% ABV // MASSACHUSETTS

## BLUEMOON WHITE ALE
the flavor starts crisp and tangy and ends with a coriander and orange spiciness, the Valencia orange peel gives a subtle sweetness to the beer
### 5.4% ABV // COLORADO

## SEA DOG BLUEBERRY ALE
malt nose that evolves into a fruity berry scent, fruity flavor, first and foremost
### 4.6% ABV // MAINE

## GUINNESS
deep-dark satisfying stout from the first velvet sip to the last drop
### 4.2% ABV DRY STOUT // IRELAND

## HARPOON IPA
the citrus and pine of Cascade hops complement a sturdy malt backbone and the floral aromas of our beloved yeast, a definitive New England-style IPA
### 5.9% ABV // MASSACHUSETTS

## BASS ALE
select malts, aromatic hops and water rich in essential salts and minerals combine to give Bass its slight burnt roast aroma and high quality, full bodied flavor
### 5.1% ABV // UK

## SIERR
deep amber color and exceptionally full-bodied, fragrant bouquet and spicy flavors
### 5.6% ABV // CALIFORNIA

## STELLA ARTOIS LAGER
traditional Belgian pilsner beer, balanced in hops and grains, slightly herby with some citrus notes
### 5.0% ABV // BELGIUM

## DOGFISH HEAD IPA
continuously hopped: more than 60 hop additions over a 60-minute boil, citrusy, grassy
### 6.0% ABV // DELAWARE

## TUKERMAN'S PALE ALE
brewed with specialty malts, some grown in Maine, and four types of hops, cold conditioned and dry-hopped in lagering tanks for maximum taste and quality
### 5.5% ABV // MAINE

# Seasonal Beers

## SAMUEL ADAMS
### BOSTON, MASS

## BLUE LOBSTER
### HAMPTON, NH

## SHIPYARD
### PORTLAND, MAINE

## SMUTTYNOSE
### PORTSMOUTH, NH

## NARRAGANSETT
### PROVIDENCE, RI


# Bottled Beers

## BUDWEISER *3.50*
American Adjunct Lager
### 5.0% ABV

## BUD LIGHT *3.50*
American Adjunct Light Lager
### 4.2% ABV

## BUD LIGHT LIME *3.50*
It’s Bud Light with a twist!
### 4.2% ABV

## COORS LIGHT *3.50*
Light Lager
### 4.2% ABV

## MILLER LIGHT *3.50* 
Light Lager 
### 4.2% ABV

## ROLLING ROCK *3.50*
Extra Pale Lager 
### 4.5% ABV

## MICHELOB LIGHT *3.75*
Light Lager 
### 4.3% ABV

## MICHELOB ULTRA *3.75*
Light Lager 
### 4.2% ABV  

## CORONA *4.25*
American Adjunct Lager 
### 4.6% ABV

## CORONA LIGHT *4.25*
Light Lager
### 4.1% ABV

## HEINEKEN *4.25*
Euro Pale Lager
### 5.0% ABV

## SAM BOSTON LAGER *4.25*
American Lager 
### 4.9% ABV

## AMSTEL LIGHT *4.25*
Pale Lager 
### 3.5% ABV

## O'DOULS PREMIUM *3.50*
### Non-Alcoholic

## (GF) OMISSION IPA *4.50* 
American Pale Ale; floral aroma complemented by caramel malt body 
### 5.8 %ABV

## (GF) OMISSION LAGER *4.50* 
American Lager; aromatic hop profile offers a unique, easy-drinking beer for those looking for a lighter and approachable beer style
### 4.6% ABV

## NEWCASTLE *4.25*
English Brown Ale; light caramel and toasted malt flavors, a true British classic
### 4.7% ABV

## SAMUEL SMITH'S NUT BROWN ALE *5.00*
English Brown Ale; walnut-like color with a palate of hazelnuts, wonderful balance of roasted malt and aromatic hops 
### 5.0% ABV

## SAMUEL SMITH'S OATMEAL STOUT *5.00*
Stout; velvet palate, silky smooth and bittersweet
### 5.0% ABV

## NARRAGANSETT *2.00*
American Lager; brewed with six row malt, seedless hops, corn from Iowa, and a traditional lager strain that the brewery has depended on since just after Prohibition
### 5.0% ABV
