src/menu/specials.md, before:

# Early Bird *13.59*
* Monday - Friday 2 - 5PM

#### First Course
* Soup or Salad or Wine

## GLASS OF WINE
House Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Chardonnay or Pinot Grigio

## SALAD
Petite Garden Salad or Petite Caesar Salad

## CUP OF FRENCH ONION SOUP
oven baked with three imported cheeses

#### Second Course
* all entrees include a choice of homemade mashed potatoes, rice pilaf or O’Brien potatoes and vegetable of the day, unless accompanied with pasta or otherwise stated

## BAKED NATIVE HADDOCK
lightly breaded with Ritz Cracker crumbs and baked with lemon, butter, Chardonnay and herbs

## STEAK TIPS
marinated in our secret recipe of herbs and spices with a touch of Bourbon

## BACON-WRAPPED SCALLOPS
oven roasted sea scallops wrapped with smoked bacon served atop Honey Dijon sauce

## CRABCAKES
Maryland Blue crab, red bell peppers, scallions, Dijon, pan fried served with Chipotle aioli

## SALISBURY STEAK
seasoned ground beef with mushroom gravy over homemade mashed potato

## SHRIMP SCAMPI ATOP PENNE
in garlic butter, lemon and white wine, tossed with red onions, spinach, mushrooms and tomatoes

## CHICKEN PARM
breaded chicken breast with marinara sauce and Provolone cheese atop penne pasta

## 401 MAC AND CHEESE
penne pasta tossed with cream, herbs, Colby-Jack, Mozzarella and Parmesan topped with herbed Ritz cracker crumbs

#### Third Course
* Dessert or Drink

## PIE OF THE DAY

## ICE CREAM SUNDAE
vanilla ice cream topped with chocolate syrup, whipped cream and a cherry

## HAPPY ENDINGS
freshly brewed American coffee served with a taster of Kahlua, Bayley's or Sambuca


#

Commit message:

Added second half of the specials menu

src/menu/specials.md, after:

# Early Bird *13.59*
* Monday - Friday 2 - 5PM

#### First Course
* Soup or Salad or Wine

## GLASS OF WINE
House Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Chardonnay or Pinot Grigio

## SALAD
Petite Garden Salad or Petite Caesar Salad

## CUP OF FRENCH ONION SOUP
oven baked with three imported cheeses

#### Second Course
* all entrees include a choice of homemade mashed potatoes, rice pilaf or O’Brien potatoes and vegetable of the day, unless accompanied with pasta or otherwise stated

## BAKED NATIVE HADDOCK
lightly breaded with Ritz Cracker crumbs and baked with lemon, butter, Chardonnay and herbs

## STEAK TIPS
marinated in our secret recipe of herbs and spices with a touch of Bourbon

## BACON-WRAPPED SCALLOPS
oven roasted sea scallops wrapped with smoked bacon served atop Honey Dijon sauce

## CRABCAKES
Maryland Blue crab, red bell peppers, scallions, Dijon, pan fried served with Chipotle aioli

## SALISBURY STEAK
seasoned ground beef with mushroom gravy over homemade mashed potato

## SHRIMP SCAMPI ATOP PENNE
in garlic butter, lemon and white wine, tossed with red onions, spinach, mushrooms and tomatoes

## CHICKEN PARM
breaded chicken breast with marinara sauce and Provolone cheese atop penne pasta

## 401 MAC AND CHEESE
penne pasta tossed with cream, herbs, Colby-Jack, Mozzarella and Parmesan topped with herbed Ritz cracker crumbs

#### Third Course
* Dessert or Drink

## PIE OF THE DAY

## ICE CREAM SUNDAE
vanilla ice cream topped with chocolate syrup, whipped cream and a cherry

## HAPPY ENDINGS
freshly brewed American coffee served with a taster of Kahlua, Bayley's or Sambuca


# Seacoast United & The Rim
* 2015 - 2016 Winter Specials @ The 401 Tavern
* Sunday - Thursday 6PM - CLOSE
* You don't have to win to celebrate! Grab your teammates and wear your Seacoast United and Rim T-shirt or show your card to save 
* Dine-in only 

## Narraganset Bottled Beer *2*

## Domestic Bottled Beer *3*
Bud, Bud Lite, Miller Lite, Coors Lite

## Any Draft Beer *4*
(excluding specialty craft brews)

## Cup of Chowder or Cup of Chili *5*

## Nachos with Cheese & Bell Pepper Onion Confetti *6*

## Wings or Tenders *7*

## 401 Burger with Cheese & Bacon *8*
